1. What is OOP? -> Data Abstraction, Inheritance, Polymorphism(Function - Overloading & Overriding) and operator Overloading, Data Encapsulation(binding together into one unit/template)

2. Different types of inherience & give example in real scenario? Single level, Multiple(multiple Base classes is derived into single Derived class), Multi-level(chain of classes), herarchical(single Base class is derived by multiple Derived Classes), hybrid, 
Note:Diamond Problem can be solved by using virtual keyword.
3. What is the size of Empty class and Empty Class object? --> 1 byte
4. what is Virtual Polymorphism? Explain with code , - Vtable gets created for each virtual Base class (including its derived class). Where as Vptr is a hidden object for each object created for Virtual Base class ( including Derived class).
5. What is Copy Constructor & Explain with code -> className ( const className & Object_name){;}
6. What is Operator overloading and Function Overloading? ->Operator Overloading means adding extra task/ user defined task to known operator , where as function overloading happens if there is any difference in number and type of argument passed.(return type does not matter)
7. Data Structure in CPP ( Linked lists( node -> Data and Pointer to store address of other node), Vector -( Dynamic & contiguous memory) , Map( Key-Value pair), Stack(LIFO), Queue(FIFO))   
8. Design Pattern? Singleton, Factory & Observer 
9. Multithreading ? thread means nothing but task to perform certain operation so, many threads are created & perform things simultaneously.
   best application is when we have Multicores.
10. Smart Pointers ?  basically used to avoid Memory leak issues
a. unique_ptr -> has only one memory location pointed by pointer
b. shared_ptr -> has two pointers pointing to same memory location & even keeps the reference count.
c. weak_ptr ->has two pointers pointing to same memory location but does not keep reference count

11. What is friend function? here we can make private and protected members accessible from outside class scope
12. What is Segmentation fault ? When we try to access the invalid or freed memory or restricted memory location
13. Dangling Pointer ? A pointer still pointing to unallocated/freed memory location usually happens when two pointers pointed to same memory location and one pointer delete/free that memory but other pointer still pointing to same location. 

Note:if any pointer pointing to Segmentation fault or its causing memory allocation results in Dangling pointer.

14. Memory leak ? creating memory without freeing it leads to memory leak.
15. How is CPP different from C? C is procedure oriented while CPP is Object oriented.
C is Top-down approach while CPP is bottom-up approach.
16. what are access modifier in CPP? Public , Protected and Private
17. Difference between While and do-While loop? do-while gets executed atleast once irrespective of terminating condition
where as while checks the condition at entry point and executes the loop statements.
18. Difference between Structure and Class ? inside structure all are public by default where in Class all are Private by default.same is applicable even in inherience.
19.is it possible to overload constructor? Yes, Multiple constructors can be created by varying in number of parameters. Contructor don't have return type.
20. is it possible to overload destructor? No, As there can be only one destructor with no parameters or return type.( represtented by ~ sign at begining)
30.Does return type matters during function overloading? No, only number of parameters and its type matters.
31. Can we have Virtual Constructor ? No, As no Vtable & Vptr is formed/available during constructor call.
32. Can we have Virtual destructor? Yes, It Overrides Base constructor when virtual is used in base class destructor.
33. What is static data member and member function?
34. what is Call by Value and call by reference?
35. Difference between Macro and inline ?
36. what are the tyes of constructor?
37. what is the order of constructor and destructor called in CPP? base to derive -> Contructor where as Drived to base -> destructor.
38. What is the size of void in CPP? 1 byte
39. what is NULL or nullptr in CPP? 8 bytes
40. how will you find size of class or object ? -> sizeof()
41. Difference between Deep and shallow copy ? Shallow copy stores references of objects to the original memory address where as deep copy makes fresh and separate copy of entire object & its unique memory address.
42. Can we overload scope of resolution (::) in CPP? No, not possible
43. Difference between reference & Pointer? reference is nothing but alliasing i.e, two names given to same memory location where as Pointer can hold NULL value.Reference ->  Dot operator is used for accessing class or structure member, where as Pointer -> arrow operator is used.
44. Difference between Association & Composition? 
a. Association --> has a relationship 
b. Composition -> Belongs to relationship -> Strong Association ( eg: hand & fingers) symbolically denoted by filled diamond.
c. Aggregation --> has a relationship -> weak association ( eg: hand & playing cards) symbolically denoted by empty diamond.
d. Generalization --> is a relationship ( inherience)

45. what is return type of malloc function ? void*
46. Prototype of function pointer ? int (*funptr) (int , int)
47. 
